---
title: Received an award at the 2nd 'Internet+' Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition of Nanjing Engineering Institute.
date: 2024-01-28 15:36:50
permalink: /studio/s0002/
article: false
---
> Original Link: https://www.njevc.cn/web/service/zcwj/20230421/042701.shtml

&emsp;&emsp;In this era driven by innovation and intelligent technology, we at Foresee Studio are proud and grateful to announce that our **Intelligent Integrated Monitoring System for Lifting Equipment project** has been awarded the **first prize in the 2nd "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition of Nanjing Engineering Institute**.

&emsp;&emsp;This achievement is not only a testament to technological innovation and team effort but also a witness to our unwavering pursuit of excellence. Our intelligent monitoring system is the result of countless days and nights of research, testing, and improvement by the studio team members. Each data analysis and every warning signal embodies our commitment to both safety and efficiency.

&emsp;&emsp;We extend our gratitude to each team member whose expertise, innovative spirit, and teamwork made all of this possible. Our engineers, designers, project managers, and all supporting staff, their collective efforts set our product apart among numerous outstanding works.

&emsp;&emsp;We also wish to thank the judges and the awarding organization for recognizing our work and seeing the potential and value behind our product. This honor is not just an acknowledgment of our current achievements but also an affirmation of our future potential.

&emsp;&emsp;Lastly, we want to thank our clients and partners. It is their trust and support that have given us the opportunity to apply intelligent technology to real-world problems and create solutions that can truly transform the industry.

&emsp;&emsp;We promise that Foresee Studio will continue to push the boundaries of technology, not only in the field of lifting equipment monitoring systems but also in many other areas, creating intelligent solutions that have a far-reaching impact. Let us look forward to more innovative milestones for a safer and more efficient tomorrow.

#### Document Download

[Decision on Commending the Winning Teachers and Students of the Second "Internet+" Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition of the School.pdf](http://jlstudio.natapp1.cc/externalLinksController/chain/%E5%85%B3%E4%BA%8E%E8%A1%A8%E5%BD%B0%E5%AD%A6%E6%A0%A1%E7%AC%AC%E4%BA%8C%E5%B1%8A%E4%BA%92%E8%81%94%E7%BD%91%2B%E2%80%9D%E5%88%9B%E6%96%B0%E5%88%9B%E4%B8%9A%E5%A4%A7%E8%B5%9B%E8%8E%B7%E5%A5%96%E5%B8%88%E7%94%9F%E7%9A%84%E5%86%B3%E5%AE%9A.pdf?ckey=zD%2BiuHCKDqGPVBY6kZzKsBCafRU%2BMqo7pkgeCr9yY0dpWxuM2T3xszVBw8HUBFBB)